[EXPLOSION]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we're with former US
Marine, Mike Herrera.
Mike is a veteran with a
distinguished service record.
Today, we discuss crash
retrieval programs.
Mike, welcome to the show.
>> MIKE HERRERA: Thanks,
Emery, for having me on again.
>> EMERY: Well tell us about
these retrieval programs you
were involved with.
>> HERRERA: So as far as the
crash retrieval programs,
especially with these black
teams that are involved with,
you obviously have P3
assets, which is the psionic
predisposition potential
screening for people that have
these psionic abilities, which
allow them to be at a level
of consciousness that
can connect to ET craft.
Now everybody
understands in 1947
that that was one
of the biggest crash
retrievals that is known to
the public as far as Roswell.
But there's also
two more on that day
that happened because
there was a total of three.
There was Tombstone
and there was Socorro.
All right?
The whole point was
509th bomber squadron
was White Sands
Missile range, which
was the only atomic weapon armed
bomber squadron in the world.
So of course, when they're
detonating weapons out
in that area, it
got their attention.
So because they had this
technology even since the 1930s
and even the early '40s
for shooting down ET craft,
they put radar systems
integrated with the scalar
technology, and that's why
they shot those craft down.
So there's been
speculation on where
these craft have been taken to.
There's been people
who have talked
about them going to
Wright-Patterson Air Force
base.
I don't know the
specifics of that.
But I do know that the
black team was also
involved with stuff like
that back in the '40s.
>> EMERY: What was their
job, the black team,
out there with these three
crash retrieval sites?
>> HERRERA: I don't know
specifically during those days.
I know present day, it's more
isolated to whatever areas
they're in or
whatever installations
that they're currently at.
>> EMERY: What shot them down?
What kind of technology
were they using?
>> HERRERA: Well, it's a
scalar weapon systems or scalar
longitudinal weapons.
So it's like an EMP.
It obviously has a wide
band of what they're
projecting onto these craft.
So essentially, if
you're stunning craft
and then get them to fall out of
the sky and impact the ground,
obviously, that's going to be a
force that they can deal with.
It's like getting in a
car accident but multiples
because of how fast they're
falling out of the sky.
So if you do that times
3, obviously, they're
not going to go in a
perfect trajectory down.
They just immobilize
them and then
they succumb to the
forces of gravity.
>> EMERY: So we've been using
the same technology for 40
years is what you're saying?
>> HERRERA: Correct.
Even probably longer
than that, but for a fact
I know that when
we've been using that.
I shouldn't say we,
but I know they've
been using it for that long.
>> EMERY: We, meaning, the?
>> HERRERA: Human race.
>> EMERY: The human race?
>> HERRERA: Yes.
>> EMERY: Are these scalar
weapons located all around
the planet or in space?
>> HERRERA: Both.
They have neutrino detectors on
satellites with weapon systems
that are integrated into such.
And then they have
ground-based systems
that also do the same thing.
more advanced, I
would say, compared
to what they have in
space because they
can refine that over time.
Out in space, they're
going to have to fly out
there, man those operations.
Who knows what's
going on out there?
But ground-based systems,
I know they're constantly
revising and perfecting them.
>> EMERY: What's the difference
between a covert team
and a government team?
Who performs the retrieval?
>> HERRERA: Essentially, both.
So what David
Grusch just came out
to the public was the existence
of the government's crash
retrieval programs that
they have, which is it's
still a Special Access
Project, an SAP.
Covert teams more operate on an
unacknowledged special access
programs where nobody
realistically knows about it.
So government teams have
their own standard operating
procedures with dealing
with crash retrievals that
may be used for their
understanding, their--
whatever agendas
that they've got.
But then you have this
black organization
which has a more refined
system, that's more advanced,
they know what they're doing.
And they can do stuff
under a guise that's
not necessarily well-known
compared to other people who're
already in the government.
>> EMERY: You spoke about the
two different facets that are
coming in the government
and then the black team.
Who gets there first?
Is there some sort
of protocol in place?
When this all happens,
who gets the first call?
>> HERRERA: So I don't know the
specifics of that but what I
will tell you is that in
these areas that are operated
by these black teams, they
have, essentially, first dibs.
They're going to move in,
execute their SOPs, if you
will, snag the--
and do the retrieval, snag
the craft up and take it
wherever they need to.
As opposed to government,
I have no idea.
But I do know that when the
black teams have oversight
on the areas that they do,
it's like a testing ground,
if you will.
So everything is secured
by their own assets.
So if government
assets try to come in,
they can subvert
those very easily.
>> EMERY: So they're very
well aware of each other now,
not what your situation when you
walked up on a situation where
they were--
>> HERRERA: I think it's
actually a mixture of that
because a lot of the-- a
lot of the government assets
don't know of the
black team's existence.
The only ones that do
are either people like me
who actually know people face
to face or it's even the fact
that it may be
incidental to a degree,
but it's also the fact
that in the government,
there's people who know about
the black teams exist and are
either on par with them
or being paid or used
as a tool on their end.
>> EMERY: So how are
these craft recovered?
And what have they found?
>> HERRERA: Well, as far as
craft goes, they obviously--
I mean, there's so
many different races,
there's so many
different types of craft.
I mean, it could be from
different star systems.
I don't know the
specifics of that.
But I do know that they
have a very vast variation
of different types of craft,
ranging from triangular shaped,
even to circular
Crescent shaped, even,
just speculation on that.
But it would make sense if
you've been shooting down craft
and for the past 60, 70, 80
years at these installations
that they have
control over, you're
going to run into some
different types of vehicles.
>> EMERY: Let's talk
about civilians on site.
What's the protocol for
when civilians are there?
What do you guys do?
>> HERRERA: I mean, let's look
at what happened in Las Vegas
not too long ago.
That's a little interesting
because people started
seeing this stuff happen.
They obviously have
a law enforcement
that go into basically
cordon the area off.
You may have military.
You may have agents from
different other agencies that
go out and do that.
In some way, somebody
knows what happened.
And somebody's got
the Intel for that
to happen so they're going
to send a response force.
Obviously, if you're a
civilian like us being Marines,
stumbling onto an
operation like this,
I don't think they're going to
be greeted too nicely, needless
to say, but it also depends on
who's managing that operation.
>> EMERY: What can you tell us
about the origins of the craft,
if anything?
>> HERRERA: I just know that
they're extraterrestrial.
I do know that sometimes,
they do target other agency's
reverse engineered craft.
But those are usually completely
destroyed and incinerated.
As far as the actual
ET craft, I just
know that they come from
other planets than here
or other star systems,
things like that.
So-- and that's what they're
read up on to take out.
>> EMERY: What can you
tell us about the Greys?
>> HERRERA: I don't know a whole
lot but I do know some people
in this organization that have
ran into them with these crash
retrievals, targeting their
ships, and bringing them down.
>> EMERY: Was any of
the Greys ever taken in?
>> HERRERA: Actually, I do
know that they have taken live
specimens, if you will.
And I don't know what
the purpose of that was
or if it was something that
was related to understanding
their genetic codes or anything
that benefit any of them
to understand that.
So I do know that they've
had live occupants that they
have retrieved.
>> EMERY: And where
do they take them?
>> HERRERA: To any of these
facilities that they have close
by, where they're using these
P3 to basically call them these
craft and then they target them.
>> EMERY: Are any of these
facilities located near
or under military installations?
>> HERRERA: Yes.
A lot of them are close by.
Some of them are
underneath the ground.
Some of them actually are
at military installations
but at parts that nobody
knows about, unless you've
been read into that program.
And for the most part,
it's all underground.
>> EMERY: You mentioned these
facilities are on military
installations or below them.
How can the military
installation not really know
what's going on?
>> HERRERA: Well, it's
all compartmentalized.
The only people that are
read into those programs
have been briefed
or are participating
in it are the only ones
that are going to know.
>> EMERY: Right.
>> HERRERA: And if you're
under an NDA, for example,
and your career is in jeopardy,
you're not going to really talk
about it.
So they're very good at
basically keeping these things
under tight lip, enforcing
UCMJ at certain points,
especially with these higher ups
to not say anything to anybody.
At the same time,
if it's underground,
you don't ever see
anything topside.
But as it's been
known, these facilities
also link together underground
with maglev trains, at least,
that are close to other
installations that
are underground.
>> EMERY: Correct.
Yeah, UCMJ is the Uniform
Code of Military Justice,
for our audience, since you
just mentioned that, which
is a good threat to
any person working
as a contractor or active duty.
>> HERRERA: Correct.
>> EMERY: So you're saying these
maglev trains are connected
to a lot of these
underground facilities.
>> HERRERA: Correct.
>> EMERY: And what
are they doing?
Are they transferring bodies
or do they transfer craft?
What's-- what can
they do with these?
>> HERRERA: My assumption is
that they would because if you
have something like--
let's say, you did a
crash retrieval operation.
You took it to an installation.
But let's say, you
made some noise
and got some people's
attention because I'm
sure that none of this is quiet.
So it would be smart, especially
with these covert operations
that they do, that you'd want to
transfer the stuff underground.
So I'm assuming they've
got systems to do that.
Now as far as the craft that I
know that are pretty massive,
there's been speculations
of some craft
that they brought
down that they've
had to build entire buildings
on top of to mask them
because they're
too heavy to move.
And we don't have anything
to realistically move them.
>> EMERY: What about the bodies?
You said they did have
some live captured species.
What about the bodies that
may have not survived?
Have you heard about them?
>> HERRERA: I know
they incinerate them.
>> EMERY: Why do you
think they do that?
>> HERRERA: Evidence purposes,
but they don't have anything
that--
if you have a
cadaver of ET origin,
I don't know how you'd
necessarily preserve that
or why you would,
unless you're harvesting
some sort of genetic material
from them for understanding
or for research purposes.
But it's almost the same
thing like a human being,
you're typically not able
to keep stuff that fresh.
>> EMERY: It's like evidence.
>> HERRERA: Yeah.
Correct.
>> EMERY: And they're hiding
it from within each other?
>> HERRERA: I would assume so.
I mean, there's--
again, the black teams,
everything is also
compartmentalized with that.
So it's not like
everybody knows what
certain operators are doing.
One can be a crash
retrieval asset.
The other one can be weapons
development, research
and development, and never know
that there's a crash retrieval
program, except if they see
something sitting there,
like a craft, and
they probably have
a couple questions about that.
But then again, you're
in an environment
where you can't necessarily
ask those questions.
>> EMERY: Are you aware of
any crash retrieval program
or incident that it went
bad and people were injured
or the craft may be fought
back or there was an explosion?
>> HERRERA: I've heard of an
instance in somewhere close
to Vietnam where something
like that happened,
but it wasn't ET, It
was a man-made craft.
And they fired on
people, troops.
>> EMERY: Intentionally
or accidentally?
>> HERRERA: Intentionally.
It's like an
incidental witness--
>> EMERY: Was it our
troops, American troops?
>> HERRERA: Yeah.
100%.
That's, at least,
what I was told.
So I can't really
completely verify.
It's just--
>> EMERY: Was this during
the Vietnam War, you mean?
>> HERRERA: Yes.
>> EMERY: Oh, OK.
>> HERRERA: Yeah.
>> EMERY: Now are they drones or
are they occupied by biological
intelligence?
>> HERRERA: So
for the most part,
they're going to be
biological intelligence.
>> EMERY: OK.
>> HERRERA: Especially the way
that they work in conjunction
with these P3 assets.
So when-- them talking
about even taking down
other reverse engineer craft
from different agencies,
so you're going to have some
speculation where they have
operations where they're
using these program life
forms to pilot
these craft to make
them look like they're ETs.
My suspicion would
be like the Kumburgaz
craft that was off Turkey.
And they got clear
footage of that.
But if you look at
that craft, it's
not like a solid,
seamless piece.
It has ridges.
It has panels.
And you can see some occupants
standing right there.
But those look exactly what
PLFs are going to look like.
>> EMERY: Now those are ours?
>> HERRERA: Correct.
>> EMERY: OK.
>> HERRERA: Those are man-made.
>> EMERY: Man-made
program life forms.
OK.
>> HERRERA: And
everybody mistake them
for extraterrestrial
intelligence.
To somebody who's not
understanding or is
even aware of what
we're revealing today,
they're going to think it's ET.
They're going to
think the craft is ET.
But--
>> EMERY: Sure.
Right.
>> HERRERA: --truth is
stranger than fiction,
especially this day and age.
So if they think they
see that then they're
going to tell everybody, oh,
it's an ET craft with ETs
that I saw, but
it's, in fact, ours.
>> EMERY: Now do they do that
every now and then just to help
with disinformation?
>> HERRERA: 100%.
And it's-- even if you
saw something in the sky.
You're going to assume it's
ET because some-- most people
don't know what to look for.
>> EMERY: Sure.
>> HERRERA: They don't
know how to actually spot
the differences
between real ET craft,
something that looks organic
compared to something
that's man-made and
looks manufactured.
>> EMERY: On any of these
retrieval expeditions,
have you ever seen
a craft come down,
and then the teams called in,
and then another craft shows up
to rescue them?
>> HERRERA: I've heard of an
instance of that happening,
where they had--
and this, I believe,
was from a contact
within the Disclosure Project
who was actually working
as a crash retrieval operative.
And they had an ET craft
that they brought down.
And then there was another
one that was flying close by.
But then they also had
a reverse engineer craft
that was flying close by too.
And when they brought
that craft down,
they had the actual ETs that
were still alive actually
come out of the craft.
And they actually made everybody
teleport back to the LZ
where they were staging their
gear and getting onto the birds
to go do that operation
instantaneously.
Nobody was hurt, injured,
killed, or nothing.
>> EMERY: Now you're talking
about the extraterrestrials
or the unit--
the black--
>> HERRERA: The whole unit.
>> EMERY: The whole unit--
>> HERRERA: The whole unit
was transferred back to--
>> EMERY: --went through
a type of transporter
or teletransporter--
>> HERRERA: Something the ETs--
>> EMERY: --like portal?
>> HERRERA: Correct.
Something that the ETs were
able to do to these people
just instantaneously.
And one of the
people that was there
was basically talking
about how the ETs basically
put through their head that
what you guys are doing
is not good, basically,
showing their disapproval
of that operation.
And that's when they
teleported them back to the LZ.
>> EMERY: And where was that at?
>> HERRERA: Nevada Testing
Range, somewhere out there.
>> EMERY: Somewhere out there?
>> HERRERA: Mm-hmm.
>> EMERY: And how often
have you heard this happen?
>> HERRERA: I've heard this same
story from at least, from Dr.
Greer's group because
he's got the guy,
the whistleblower part of that.
And then there's been instances
where this guy has also
said the same information
amongst multiple different
outlets.
>> EMERY: Have you heard of
this teletransporter being used
on other missions?
>> HERRERA: No, I have
not ever heard that.
This is the first time.
And could we speculate to say
that it does happen regularly?
I mean, it's the easiest
way to avoid conflict.
And if you're a high
intelligent being,
you don't want shots fired
and you have the ability
to do that, I mean, I would
easily do that if I was them.
>> EMERY: What happened to
the craft that was there,
trying to rescue them after
they see their friends being
transported somewhere?
>> HERRERA: I have no idea.
That-- I mean, you can
say speculation too
that maybe there were
part of that as well.
>> EMERY: I mean, why didn't
we shoot that craft down right
away immediately?
>> HERRERA: It may have
come in focus or at least
in materialized as
that was going down.
So they probably
didn't have knowledge
of it being right there until
this event was going on.
>> EMERY: Maybe it was cloaked
or fluxing in and out of this--
>> HERRERA: Something like
that, since they can travel
interdimensionally to get from
point A to point B in the star
systems, as well as the--
or at least the whole universe.
I mean, you're talking about
light years being way too slow,
traveling at the speed of light.
So traveling
interdimensional is going
to be the fastest way to
do it, bending spacetime.
>> EMERY: Now Sciencix are
involved with the pilot
and the craft because the
pilots are part of the craft,
and something
happens to the pilot.
What happens to the craft then?
How is that moved around?
>> HERRERA: So the P3 is going
to obviously connect to both.
And from what I
understand, the P3 asset
actually connects to
the craft as a whole.
It's like they disrupt
the communication
between the ET and the craft.
So they hold it
stationary in order to--
>> EMERY: They
block that signal.
>> HERRERA: Correct.
>> EMERY: P3 takes over.
>> HERRERA: Yup.
>> EMERY: And then the
handler tells them what to do?
>> HERRERA: Correct.
Which most of the time,
I mean, if they're--
at least this one
installation, if they're
able to take down two or
three ET craft a year,
that's really not a
whole lot in comparison,
depending on how many
times a year they're
doing operations like this.
I mean, if it's a weekly
thing where they're
going out and doing s--
having a P3, summoned a craft,
and then them targeting
it, it shows that they
have a very low success rate.
>> EMERY: Right.
Now working on
projects myself, there
was a high number of craft
that were acquired every year.
What do you think the numbers
are with what you've known
and what you've been
exposed to yearly about
craft they're acquiring?
>> HERRERA: So as
a global concept,
because it's not just this
installation that I know about.
>> EMERY: Sure.
>> HERRERA: I mean, it spans
the whole entire world.
So if you're looking at
one installation taken
down 80 craft a year if that--
times that 100.
You have 800 to 1,000 craft
being taken down a year.
>> EMERY: That's a lot of craft.
>> HERRERA: It's a lot.
So the question is, what
are they doing with it?
Are they destroying it?
Are they-- what are they
doing with the materials?
So the other question
too is, is there
duplicates of the
same type of craft
that they're coming in
contact with from maybe
the specific same race?
And they already
have that perfected
so they no longer need it.
So I don't know if they're
trying to pick and choose
what they're doing and
what type of craft, or hey,
there's a new one that we
just-- that just popped up here.
Are we going to
take this one out?
I don't know how they
do that, but it's all up
to speculation and very
interesting points.
>> EMERY: Mike, if you
were on a retrieval team,
how would that trigger you?
>> HERRERA: That
would be emotional,
especially if it's for--
>> EMERY: Very much so.
>> HERRERA: --especially
if it's from our own doing
because it's no different than
having somebody with an exotic
car coming up to you,
and all of a sudden,
you're having to take their
life because you want to drive
their car or maybe duplicate the
engine or the modules in that
vehicle and integrate them into
another car that you're trying
to make.
That's how I would see it.
So that aspect, I
think, would be--
it'd be horrible to a degree.
Now somebody who is fascinated
with this kind of technology,
especially after my experience
and seeing these things move
personally, it would
answer a lot of questions
as far as the unknown of how
this process actually happens
and what the SOPs are.
The bigger grand scheme
of things of how they even
keep a secret would be
something that I'd actually
be more interested in because
then you understand how
to-- how everything works.
>> EMERY: Right.
Well, let's hope it doesn't
have to come to that, of course.
>> HERRERA: Likewise.
>> EMERY: Why is the black
program so adversarial?
Because wouldn't it
be easier for them
just to all just join together
and we can help each other out?
>> HERRERA: That'd be
the ideal circumstances.
I mean, that would be
how I would approach it,
more of a diplomatic approach,
because we're not trying
to make enemies with everybody.
But the problem is
you have people who
get into a position of power.
And you have this
kind of technology.
Then you understand how to
monetize it and make money.
>> EMERY: There's the greed.
>> HERRERA: So
there's greed is 100%.
That plus the power.
So if you have people
in these positions that
have that lifestyle,
if you will,
that they are very
powerful people--
>> EMERY: Secret power.
>> HERRERA: Exactly.
And you're able to
guarantee in a country
that, hey, they don't have
anything close to what
the black teams have.
So essentially, they're not
going to want to give that up.
They want to be the top of
the food chain, so to speak.
They want to be the
predator of the world.
So with that being said,
greed is the number one reason
for that plus the power.
>> EMERY: Tragic.
>> HERRERA: Mm-hmm.
>> EMERY: They talk about
the Secret Space Program.
Now is this part of
the black projects
or is it part of
just our military?
>> HERRERA: I believe, it's
part of just our military
because the black teams,
I'm not aware of them.
>> EMERY: They have their
own thing, don't they?
>> HERRERA: They should
have their own thing.
I mean, if they have the assets
to do it, the technologies,
then it'd probably be safe
to assume that they've
got their own means to do this.
>> EMERY: So they have
their own military,
their own space force,
their own Air Force,
their own ground
teams, and everything.
>> HERRERA: Yup.
Own funding mechanisms.
They got people bought and
paid for in the government.
They've got their own--
they're embedded in the
legal system to a degree
too that they can ride the
flying waves of these laws
and regulations.
>> EMERY: Now there's a lot of
civilians out there claiming
to be part of a
Secret Space Program,
also claiming that their minds
have been swiped and they start
to have recall.
What do you think about this?
>> HERRERA: I mean,
anything's possible with that.
I mean, I don't know
anybody personally
who may have been
involved with that,
but then again, I know it's
something that they probably
wouldn't ever share just because
of how fascinating it sounds.
But I wouldn't rule it
out because there's always
people looking for
probably neutral people
to see what the
effect is on subject A
compared to somebody who's
like military-trained
or somebody who's a scientist.
So somebody who is
in between that,
they might want to see what
the effects of that is.
At least, that's
my interpretation
of how that would work.
>> EMERY: Is it possible that
some of these people that claim
to be in these programs are
some of these P3s you mentioned?
>> HERRERA: It
could be possible.
>> EMERY: It's possible.
>> HERRERA: Yeah.
But from my
understanding, P3 assets
are only going to belong
to these black teams.
And they may have
other programs, maybe
stuff that is more on
the conventional side
of the government
that have people
with these psionic
potentials or--
>> EMERY: Plus
these are temporary.
P3s are very temporary.
>> HERRERA: Correct.
>> EMERY: Right?
>> HERRERA: So they may have
a refined system where they
have-- they're not really going
to the same extreme like they
do with the P3s, which then
they suffer the fate of having
to pass away.
They may have something a little
bit more dumbed down or more
watered down, if you will,
that keep these people safe
and they can still
achieve something
like a similar objective.
>> EMERY: So in your experience,
could you mention some
of the positive things that may
have come out of some of these
retrieval programs?
>> HERRERA: Well, for
peaceful purposes,
let's say if we were to
take P3 assets and put them
in a population, at least,
let's say, the United States,
for example, or
even the government.
Let's say that, hey--
let's just say, thinking
ahead, the acknowledgment
and existence of
extraterrestrials more wide
known.
Everybody knows, OK, we've
been confirmed that it exists.
People have probably seen
them, things like that.
What that can do is definitely
teach us more about ourselves
because you have races that
may have been observing us
for hundreds or
thousands of years.
They know our true origins.
They know what happened to the
past ancient civilizations.
Maybe they could teach us on
where we actually come from
or what our history
with the planet is.
The other thing is too
technologically speaking.
As bad as it is, murdering
extraterrestrials, acquiring
that technology and using
them for nefarious purposes,
if this comes to a head,
and all of a sudden,
we start using this for
free energy, technology,
so people don't have to
be dependent on cars,
they don't have to be dependent
on these energy companies--
>> EMERY: Gas, coal, and oil.
Right.
>> HERRERA: Correct.
I mean, because you're
giving these people that
own those industries, which is
worth $700 trillion, estimated,
these days, probably
even more of that,
you're giving them more money
compared to being self-reliant.
You're talking about the
pollution aspect of it
too so Earth is going
to be a lot healthier.
Also, what a lot of people
neglect to understand is you
come into contact with
medical technologies.
Who's to say that you
can't regrow limbs
with this kind of stuff?
Who's to say that
you can't actually
do something to eradicate
cancer based off
of that type of technology?
I mean, there are so
many things that they
could refine that would
make people healthier,
it could make people
smarter, and in turn,
because people are
having those effects,
they're going to be happier.
That's going to be mind-blowing
to see what this brings when
it comes out because
then you're going
to have happier
people, which means
elevated consciousness, which
means humanity gets to elevate.
And who knows?
Maybe we may get invited
to actually join these star
systems and actually explore.
>> EMERY: And we can
stop killing each other.
>> HERRERA: Exactly.
>> EMERY: Well,
that's limitless then.
>> HERRERA: Exactly.
>> EMERY: Well, thank you, Mike.
I really appreciate.
It's a fascinating story.
Thanks for being on the show.
>> HERRERA: Thank you.
I appreciate it.
>> EMERY: I'm Emery Smith and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]